One of the simplest types of search is called breadth-first search,
or BFS for short.
It has its name because the algorithm searches a space broadly before it searches deeply.
Let's look at a search tree.
Here, we have a number of
interconnected nodes with the start node at the top of the tree.
Breadth-first search traverses the tree exploring at one level at a time.
It will traverse all the nodes at this level,
the children nodes, before it moves on to traverse the grandchildren nodes and so-forth.
How the algorithm breaks ties changes from implementation to implementation.
But on a search tree like this,
it is usually implied that you move left to right.
So, after a few steps of searching through this tree,
the nodes would have been searched in this order,
starting with node number one at the top of the tree.
If you were to continue searching,
can you identify on which steps
the search algorithm would reach the nodes labeled A, B, and C?